Expand and update accessibility statement (#2752)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/accessibility.md

In this section, we only list non-accessible content that has been reported, verified and tracked in the following repositories:

- [GOV.UK Design System GitHub repository](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system)
- [GOV.UK Frontend Documentation Github repository](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend-docs)
- [GOV.UK Frontend GitHub repository](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend)

For this section, we define an ‘accessibility concern’ as any question about the accessibility of a portion of one of our products.

#### Non-compliance with the accessibility regulations

These accessibility concerns have been classified as being non-compliant, due to a failure in one or more WCAG 2.1 Level AA criteria.

WCAG 2.1 AA failures are documented in two of our repositories under the ‘accessibility-regulations-failure’ issue label:

- [GOV.UK Design System website label for accessibility regulations failures](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system/labels/accessibility-regulations-failure)
- [GOV.UK Frontend codebase label for accessibility regulations failures](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/labels/accessibility-regulations-failure)

> From the GOV.UK Design System website:

Reviewer: Just a suggestion: could these 3 areas be done as headers? I got confused a bit reading it, especially with the "current status" way it's written.

```suggestion
##### From the GOV.UK Design System website
```

Author: Hey @calvin-lau-sig7! Do we allow H5s in our content? I was only avoiding it because I for some reason thought we didn't use them.

Author: After a chat with Calvin and Claire, I think we'll leave these as paragraphs for now, and not go down to an H5 heading level. We don't have any styling set for H5 elements on the GOV.UK Design System website at the moment.

If it becomes confusing in the future, we can consider making headings.

DAC tested the [Technical Documentation Template](https://tdt-documentation.london.cloudapps.digital/), which is the platform that runs the GOV.UK Frontend documentation website.

To learn more, read the [Technical Documentation Template accessibility statement](https://tdt-documentation.london.cloudapps.digital/accessibility/).

#### Frontend codebase

The GOV.UK Frontend codebase is not a website but a [code repository](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend) and [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/govuk-frontend).

Read more about the codebase’s accessibility in the [GOV.UK Frontend GitHub repository readme](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend#accessibility).

### How the GOV.UK Design System team makes their websites accessible

The GOV.UK Design System team works to make sure the Design System and Frontend websites, and the codebase they use, are accessible.

Where possible, the team aims to research components and patterns with a representative range of users, including those with disabilities.

> We also test components to make sure they work with a broad range of browsers, devices and assistive technologies - including screen magnifiers, screen readers and speech recognition tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also test components to make sure they work with a broad range of browsers, devices and assistive technologies — including screen magnifiers, screen readers and speech recognition tools.
```

When we publish new content, we’ll continue to make sure that it meets accessibility standards.

### Preparation of this accessibility statement

This statement was prepared on 23 October 2019. It was last reviewed on 26 April 2023.

## Using the Design System and Frontend in your service

While the GOV.UK Design System team takes steps to ensure the Design System is as accessible as possible by default, you still need to carry out contextual research.

> Using only the code supplied in the GOV.UK Frontend codebase is not enough to accessibly implement the GOV.UK Design System. There is important written guidance in the [GOV.UK Design System website](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/) on how to implement styles, components and patterns in an accessible way. 

Reviewer: Might be clearer to say it this another way, so there isn't the other interpretation of "only".

```suggestion
Simply using code from the GOV.UK Frontend codebase is not enough to accessibly implement the GOV.UK Design System. There is important written guidance in the [GOV.UK Design System website](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/) on how to implement styles, components and patterns in an accessible way. 
```

The GOV.UK Design System team no longer supports these products and will not be making updates to help them meet level AA of WCAG 2.1.

If you’re using these products, you should [update your service to use the latest version of GOV.UK Frontend](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/updating-your-code/).

If you have any questions or need help, contact the GOV.UK Design System team:

> using the #govuk-design-system channel on the cross-government [UK Government Digital Slack](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/app_redirect?channel=govuk-design-system)
> by email at <govuk-design-system-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk>
> 

Reviewer: Lost some bullet points in the edit
```suggestion
- using the #govuk-design-system channel on the cross-government [UK Government Digital Slack](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/app_redirect?channel=govuk-design-system)
- by email at <govuk-design-system-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk>

```
